https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-18744 (#7685)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/grc_arch.adoc

* *Policy-based governance framework:* Supports policy creation and deployment to various managed clusters based on attributes associated with clusters, such as a geographical region. There are examples of the predefined policies and instructions on deploying policies to your cluster in the _open source community_. Additionally, when policies are violated, automations can be configured to run and take any action that the user chooses. 

> * *Open source community:* Supports community contributions with a foundation of the {acm-short} policy framework. Policy controllers and third-party policies are also a part of the `open-cluster-management/policy-collection` repository. You can contribute and deploy policies using GitOps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Open source community:* Supports community contributions with a foundation of the {acm-short} policy framework. Policy controllers and third-party policies are also a part of the `open-cluster-management-io` project. You can contribute and deploy policies using GitOps. 
```

Since the controllers aren't in the policy-collection repo, I think this would make more sense.
